How is it?
It's still just a draft,
but I think it looks great.
Thank you.
Natsume-san.
It turned out really well.
Don't be so shy.
You must be used to it by now.
Oh, about that...
There's something I should
have confirmed earlier...
You two aren't suddenly
going to quit ROMY, are you?
Huh?
After all, I'm the one who
asked you to shoot this.
I hope you'll stay a bit longer.
I won't quit.
I still have many dreams to achieve.
Me too.
I see.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Ah.
Sorry, I'll be right back.
Hello, this is Tanouchi.
Yes.
Oh dear.
He's still so shy.
Isn't that good?
These are precious photos of
Natsume-san, the future number one BA.
You're making fun of me, aren't you?
No, I'm not.
Hmm, I wanted to find
something to tease you about,
but you have no weaknesses.
I feel like you've become more handsome.
Huh?
Hmm...
Is it because your goal is clear? Ever since
you said you want to be a top makeup artist,
your whole demeanor has
become more composed.
Isn't it because Natsume-san likes me?
I'm genuinely complimenting you.
Then of course I'd become more handsome.
Because I'm by Natsume-san's side.
What kind of twisted logic is that?
That's right.
I have dreams I want to achieve.
So many of them.
Together with Toma.
Toma.
Let's do our best together.
Okay.
Cosmetic Playlover Season 2
(Episode 3)
Speaking of which,
when will you be going to Paris?
I just spoke with HR.
Emma already contacted headquarters.
I see.
After that, there are various
procedures like getting a visa.
If all goes well,
the official appointment will probably
be made at the end of the fiscal year.
End of the fiscal year...
So, March.
Yes.
Actually,
I've been thinking
about something recently.
What is it?
Didn't I say I wanted to become
'the best BA'?
But I've been wondering
what that truly means.
Then I remembered former Chief Harada.
Chief Harada...
Ah, she's a trainer now, right?
Yes, I ran into her at a
headquarters meeting the other day.
She told me a lot about
her work as a trainer.
I thought that training new
employees might be a good path too.
In that case, Natsume-san,
are you going to leave the counter?
No.
I really enjoy serving customers.
I still want to be on
the front lines for now.
However,
once I've grown a bit more,
and gained different
kinds of experiences,
there might be an option to
pursue that path in the future.
Hmm?
Isn't that great?
Natsume-san, you can do
anything you set your mind to.
Ah...
So, it's going to be
posted in our store too...
Manager Mamiya.
Isn't he handsome?
And Sahashi-kun is amazing too.
As expected of a former
model, he has great presence.
Sahashi is fine, but me...
Oh, come on!
You're the pride of our cohort.
You're a manager we're proud of.
Ah... no, no, please.
Don't say things like that.
- Oh, he's shy.
- He's shy.
Alright, you guys.
- Back to work, back to work!
- Yes!
It's really good.
- Huh?
- Even better than I imagined.
Thank you.
By the way, it really turned out well.
Sahashi-kun, you didn't
go pressure PR, did you?
Saying they absolutely had to
use Mamiya-kun as the model.
I just said that if they were
going to focus on male staff,
it would be more suitable
to feature Natsume-san.
The fact that he was chosen is a
testament to Natsume-san's own ability.
Hmm.
I heard the news.
So, you'll be parting ways in spring?
I knew it.
I had a feeling Sahashi-kun
would catch Emma's eye.
Huh?
What do you mean?
So,
I told Emma, 'There's a guy who seems
to fit the talent you're looking for.'
Why would you go out of your
way to do something like that?
You should have just left it alone.
I don't like having more and
more ties holding me back.
So,
I'm not interested in
promotions or anything like that.
To be able to work freely,
I need to do favors for promising juniors,
and for the company.
That's my survival strategy.
But you know,
joining Emma's team
is a really big deal.
- You should do your best...
- Stop.
Huh?
I only need Natsume-san to cheer me on.
They're already being lovey-dovey.
There's really no opening at all.
But still, thank you.
I appreciate the sentiment.
(I'll be busy for a bit
longer, you go to sleep first.)
If I don't go to sleep first,
he'll probably refuse to work.
Do... your best...
Alright...
Just come back soon...
I'm home.
Welcome home.
Sorry, did I wake you?
No.
I just wanted to say 'welcome home' to you.
I also love it when you
say 'welcome home'.
I was able to get through it
because your photo was in the store.
Well, yeah...
Of course, it'll be posted
in the Ginza store too.
But it just made me want
to see you even more.
I see.
The real thing is still the best.
Oh no! We... overslept!
No need to panic so much.
Looks like there's no time for breakfast.
Just grab something quick to eat.
Then, at least a kiss.
Hey, you...
Didn't you say we don't have time?
I'm talking about you!
Okay.
We'll make it in time like this.
That's why I said there's no need to rush.
Natsume-san is just too serious.
If I were serious,
I wouldn't have
overslept in the first place.
Today's defeat was caused
by hitting snooze twice.
By the way,
the Ginza store is starting a
limited-time event soon, right?
Yes.
They'll be selling limited edition products
and re-releasing discontinued shades.
Our store mostly has
makeup artists and experts,
so we'll plan things to
leverage that strength.
I see.
Our store also just released new products,
and reservations for
makeup sets are starting soon.
We need to stay focused and work hard.
Yes.
I'll go this way then.
Please confirm the items you've selected.
Okay, no problem.
Oh, that's great. This item is
already sold out at the Ginza store.
I'm glad you still have
it here, it's a great help.
That's wonderful.
The Ginza store has
been very popular recently.
Sahashi-san was already hard to book,
and now it feels even harder.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
If it's a product sold in our store,
you're always welcome to come here.
Thank you.
- I'll wrap it for you now, please wait a moment.
- Okay.
Let's eat.
That guy...
Even after finishing his training,
he seems to be very busy.
I hope he's eating lunch properly.
Hello, thank you for your hard work.
Huh?
He's transferring here?
Yes, it's a transfer, actually, he's a new
BA who just joined the company this year.
After training, he was
assigned to the Ikebukuro store,
but it doesn't seem to be going well.
He seems very troubled.
So the company discussed transferring
him to the Shinonome Yurakucho store,
which has a good record
with male makeup artists.
It's well-known within the company that
you, Natsume, trained Sahashi-kun after all.
So that means,
he's a male BA?
That's right.
What do you think?
Of course, I'm willing.
If I can be of help.
That's great.
Thank you.
I'll leave it to you then.
If there's anything I can do for my junior,
I'll do my best.
Did you successfully place the order
for the batch we discussed yesterday?
Yes, it's already ordered.
So I think it should arrive
in time for next week's event.
Okay.
Good morning.
I'm Hoshina Riku, assigned to the
Shinonome Yurakucho store starting today.
Nice to meet you.
Huh?
You're...
Are you Mamiya-san?
The winner of the the Rookie of the Year
award in management at the awards ceremony...?
Good morning.
I'm Manager Mamiya.
Hoshina-kun, didn't you talk
to me at headquarters before?
Yes.
- You remember me?
- Ah, it was you after all.
I'm so happy.
Do you two know each other?
We talked once before.
I'm Sasaki, nice to meet you.
I'm Takano.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Sub-Chief Aizawa.
Customers here are
already used to male BAs.
Don't feel pressured, just relax and work.
If you don't understand
anything, feel free to ask anytime.
I... I'm Hoshina.
Nice to meet you.
Alright everyone, let's keep smiling today,
and do our best together.
Nice to meet you.
Alright, Hoshina-kun.
I'll show you around the procedures first.
Yes.
Well...
I think the layout should be
similar to the Ikebukuro store.
First,
- We manage inventory with this computer.
- Yes.
Then, here are the skincare products.
- And here's the base makeup.
- Yes.
And here are the testers.
Here are the tools for makeup application.
Okay, I understand.
I heard he transferred
because he was having trouble,
but he doesn't seem like it.
I'll keep an eye on him.
Alright, Hoshina-kun.
It's almost opening time.
Can you try serving customers
the same way you used to?
Huh?
Can I serve customers right away?
Of course.
Okay.
Welcome.
Are you looking for anything in particular?
Today, I'd like to try
some eyebrow products.
Okay, I understand.
Please come this way.
- I'll put this cape on you first.
- Okay.
Excuse me, pardon me.
Excuse me.
I'll just tidy up your hair a bit.
Hmm?
I'll clip your bangs up for you.
His technique seems a bit clumsy.
And the stretches of silence are so long.
Are you new?
Yes.
I just joined the company
this year, and after training...
- I just transferred here today.
- His hands stopped when he started talking.
I see.
Yes.
Hmm...
I feel like my skin type
has changed recently.
It's become very dry, I'd say.
I wonder if I should change
my skincare products.
Ah... I...
No, that's... I'm sorry.
I also have dry skin.
It's really troublesome, isn't it?
- Right.
- Ah, no.
That's not it.
You need to listen more
carefully to the customer's concerns.
My makeup doesn't
sit well recently either.
- Oh, that must be tough.
- It is.
(15 minutes later)
I have a dog at home.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I used to have one too.
Oh? What breed?
Mine was a Corgi.
Oh, mine too!
- Huh? The same?
- Yes.
He's talking about dogs.
How cute.
I can't leave him alone.
Its name was Pudding.
What about recently? Do
you still have a dog now?
Not anymore.
I see.
But I have a cat.
- Oh? A cat?
- Yes.
Alright then,
everyone, good work today.
Good work.
Do you want to go eat later?
How about dumplings?
Sure, let's go.
Ah, Hoshina-kun.
Yes.
We have the same way
home for part of the way, right?
Yes.
Want to walk together?
Okay, of course.
So that's how it is.
Yes.
At my previous counter, I was hardly
ever assigned to serve customers.
Was it the manager's policy?
No.
I studied diligently during training,
and I was quite confident.
So when I was first assigned there,
I did have opportunities
to serve customers, but...
Maybe I was too nervous.
I would mix up product numbers,
or often get the service procedures wrong.
After customers pointed it out,
I became even more flustered.
Everyone's like that at first.
But...
I started to feel scared afterwards.
Since then, I've basically been
doing cleaning or packaging,
and tasks like working
the counter or restocking.
I've been doing work that doesn't
involve customer interaction.
I...
I was still thinking I wanted to work
hard to become like Mamiya-san...
By the way,
when I met you three months ago,
I read your article in
the in-house magazine.
I really want to be like Mamiya-san too.
Um... I...
I'll do my best.
His eyes were sparkling
so brightly back then.
Is being a BA not the right fit for me?
That's not true at all.
Nervousness is just a
matter of inexperience.
You can't give up just
because of one mistake.
But...
- I can't cause any more trouble...
- It's okay.
For now, let's serve customers together.
Although it will mean overtime,
let's practice makeup
application together too.
Okay.
Hmm.
Hoshina-kun, why did
you want to become a BA?
Well...
It's kind of like habitual
underdog thing...
Habitual underdog?
So it's not because you're
interested in makeup?
To be honest, I'm not very interested.
Huh?
In college,
the girl I liked was a fan of Sahashi-san.
I see.
I thought, 'so that's how
you become popular...'
Though there were
various other reasons too.
It was mostly on an impulse.
So that's how it was.
That's a rare motivation.
I'm sorry... I know my
motivation isn't pure.
No, no, I don't think that at all.
Um...
Hmm?
Can I ask a question?
Yes, what is it?
What does it feel like
to love your job?
Huh?
Oh.
Still here?
I'm practicing with the model
I'll be in charge of for the show.
Hmm.
Sahashi-kun, you've really changed.
I never thought you'd become
so dedicated to your work.
As expected...
Is it Mamiya-kun's influence?
Yeah, I guess so.
Oh~
What kind of influence?
Tell your big brother here.
Under no circumstance would I say.
Wow, I completely take
back what I said earlier.
You haven't changed at all in that regard.
Alright, I'm heading off.
Good work.
I couldn't answer
Hoshina-kun's question properly.
Work...
Although there are tough times,
I really enjoy serving customers.
I'm happy when customers are happy.
- Please take your time to try it.
- Okay.
Huh?
Isn't that just my personal
feeling about work?
Maybe I should consult Toma...
Since I've taken this on,
I can't say 'I can't do it after all'.
As a manager,
as a senior male BA,
and most importantly...
I really want to be like Mamiya-san too.
That phrase...
It really made me happy.
Even if he wasn't very interested at first,
even if it was just a whim,
he once thought that way.
There must be some breakthrough.
Okay.
No matter what, I will...
train Hoshina-kun to become a capable BA.
Okay.
Okay what?
Huh?
Toma, welcome home.
I'm home.
What's wrong?
You'll catch a cold, dry yourself first.
I know.
Actually, today,
a new male employee joined our counter.
Ah, do you remember?
The one who spoke to
me at headquarters before.
Ah...
Hmm.
His name is Hoshina.
I was wondering how I could
make him enjoy his work.
Hmm?
You really are a workaholic, aren't you?
Is that bad?
It's not bad, but...
when you're at home,
please think of me.
I am thinking of you.
Or actually, I'm thinking
of you all the time.
That's good.
This is my 'welcome home' kiss.
I'm going to blow-dry my hair.
Do you want me to help you?
No, thanks.
(Next Episode)
That's your regular customer, right?
Are you really okay leaving them to him?
I...
I'll take full responsibility.
Being too meddlesome
can backfire, you know.
Why does that sound a bit angry?
Trust yourself for choosing this BA,
and try a little harder, okay?